#summary List of features to develop
#labels Phase-Implementation,Phase-Design

= Modules =
== General ==
Basic functions that require less logic.
 * ~~Light~~ 
 * ~~Level Spy~~
 * ~~X-Ray~~
 * ~~Old Show Invisible~~
 * ~~Replace Trees~~
 * ~~Click Re-Use~~
 * ~~Eat Food~~
 * ~~ Frame rate Control~~
 * ~~Walk over fields~~
 * ~~Avoid Pitfalls~~
 * ~~WASD Walking (Enter to enable/disable chat)~~
 * ~~Speed Boost (Turbo, Dash)~~
 * ~~World Only View~~
 * ~~IP Changer~~
 * Identify Fish spots
 * Stack Items
 * Fishing
----
== ~~Heal~~ ==
Healing with varied methods.
 * ~~Refill Life / Mana~~
 * ~~Exhaustion controller~~
 * ~~Paralyze heal~~
 * ~~Poison heal~~
----
== Targeting ==
Behave according to creatures and players.
 * ~~Switch spells automatically based on damage types~~
 * ~~Fight Mode (Offensive, Balanced, Defensive)~~
 * ~~Follow Mode (Chase, Stand)~~
 * *~~Target monsters~~*
   * *~~Target selection:~~*
     * ~~Distance~~
     * ~~Health~~
     * ~~Priority choosen~~
     * ~~Stick~~
   * ~~Actions (Attack, Follow, None)~~
   * ~~Target Ignoring~~
 * *Execute some action (Async):*
   * Use item/rune
   * Equip item
   * Cast spell
 * Lock target
 * *Fight Stance*
   * Stand
   * Follow
   * Distance
   * Parry (2 or less monsters sorrounding)
 * Fight Security (Avoid waves/beams)
----
== Cavebot ==
Walking around and execute custom actions.
 * ~~Approach~~
 * ~~Ladder~~
 * ~~Node~~
 * ~~Pick~~
 * ~~Rope~~
 * ~~Shovel~~
 * ~~Stand~~
 * ~~Walk~~
 * ~~Find floor changer~~
 * Action
 * Leave trap
----
== Loot ==
Open creatures and get desired items.
 * ~~Get listed items~~
 * ~~Build list by loot value ratio~~
 * ~~Open dead bodies (anywhere)~~
 * ~~Add loot by id~~
 * ~~Eat from corpses~~
 * ~~Only open owned creatures~~
 * ~~Only open bodies that contains desired loot~~
 * Add loot by name
----
== Maker ==
Enchant items, cast spells, make runes.
 * Make Runes
 * Enchant Items (Spears)
 * Cast Spells
----
== Charger ==
Equip items based on conditions.
 * *Move item to slot if*
   * Low ammount
   * Target
   * Mana / Health ammount
   * Flag (drunk, paralyze)
----
== Statistics ==
Gather statistics such as experience, skills, spells.
 * Experience yield (per supply, per time, global)
 * Loot yield (per creature, per supply, per time, global)
 * Balance (loot - waste)
 * Skills yield
 * Timers
   * Spells
   * Runes (Magic wall, wild growth, fields)
 * Damage
   * Average (dealing, receiving)
   * Maximun (dealing, receiving)
   * Last (dealing, receiving)
 * Healing
   * Average (absolute, percent)
   * Maximun (absolute, percent)
   * Last (absolute, percent)
----
== Security ==
Perform actions according to ingame events.
 * Element on screen (GM, CM, Player, NPC
 * Mark locations
 * Attacked
 * Traped
 * Flags (Logout block, poisoned, etc)
 * Low mana / health
 * Disconnected
 * Message
----
== Context Menu ==
Generate ingame context menus, linking to other modules.
 * Add/Remove/Edit context menus
----
== Context Menu ==
Generate screen icons linking to other modules.
 * Add/Remove/Edit icons